g excellent picture quality / color 
g i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
g the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
n after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us . 
n i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way . 
g they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
g a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality . 
g i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
n ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras . 
g bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
g i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
g great job canon ! 
g cool toy.
n yep . 
g this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
n i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it . 
g just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance . 
g whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
n you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc. 
n as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) . 
n i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast . 
n a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images . 
b some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ). 
b * main dial is not backlit . 
b * lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
n ( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too . 
g overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
g canon g3 ? incredible camera 
n i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras . 
n a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models . 
g following my research , i decided on the g3 . 
g in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
g i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
g with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
g and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image . 
g i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
g do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed . 
g great camera 
g i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
g i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality . 
g the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
n flaws ? 
b the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
b still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera . 
g despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
g have n't had practice but i 'm already in love with it 
g i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
g the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
n i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) . 
g i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera . 
b the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
n i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review . 
g excellent for the semi-serious amateur 
n positives 
g 1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
g excellent range of metering options as well . 
g it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
g 2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
g 3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
g 4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed . 
g 5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
g you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
n negatives 
b 1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
b 2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
b 4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
g fantastic digital camera .

